save your video blog episode 5 recording
edition love g voice at all right we
made it to the studio tweet brush studio
Nashville Tennessee made it in the van
see yes sweet fresh new stuff legit so
walk inside we got new drum heads on and
think about it were you this is room
well we really will record from its
screaming everyone screaming or yelling
see Martin screaming screaming oh there
is this is eric the awesome awesome
assistant inator of all things assists
achill this control room kind of fun to
hang out in this room and you know just
talk about stuff that sometimes you
don't get to talk about on a normal
basis because if you don't if you don't
talk about things that are involved
recording then the life will not be
enjoyable so what jet that's the studio
that's how we do at the studio dude hey
this is a studio a studio you will come
to and listen to suggesting you play the
drums in the rock'n'roll music
rock'n'roll music
you
I love recorded rooms that's gross about
two-thirds the land of the song it's
like four bars you know I'm talking
about as far as the hats and the snare
that's a wrap on drums of cattle will
making everything right won't you give
you a tour of the hotel room so this is
the hotel room this bob has one bed and
we got our sweet Kitchen pretty awesome
I don't know it to tour it was 12 baby
baby hey George bad air mattress down on
the floor man as kitchen that's when we
eat food hey George she lured oso smell
of Chinese food
hello welcome to Nashville Tennessee
sweetbriar studio we're going to do a
quick interview with Jesse Gibbs who's
about to play some wicked piano parts
what do you say I 50 what do you say hey
will you sign over there I say this is
going to be an excellent interview at a
piano session I have to agree i have to
agree once again and yet again it
agreeance with Miss forget ok we're
going to move on at district court